
Q: Customer service hours?

A: Beijing time, working days from Monday to Friday 9:00AM-18:00PM



Q: Where can I download the mobile version of Cardwiser APP?

A: Android can be downloaded from Google Play Store, Huawei App Store or official website APK. Apple can search and download from the App store.



Q: Where can I check the card balance?

A: You can check the card balance in Cardwiser APP.


Q: Where can I check the wallet balance?

A: You can check the wallet balance in Cardwiser computer application.



Q: When withdrawing money from an ATM, I entered the wrong password three times and the card was locked. What should I do?

A: Download the latest APP and perform face unlock in the card list.



Q: Can a card that has been bound be unbound?

A: Sorry, unbundling is not supported.

 

Q: What is the daily consumption limit for regular cards and gold cards?

A: The maximum daily consumption amount for the regular card is USD45,000. The maximum daily consumption amount for the gold card is USD60,000.



Q: What is the daily withdrawal amount for regular cards and gold cards?

A: The maximum daily withdrawal limit for regular cards is USD5,000, and the maximum daily withdrawal limit for gold cards is USD14,000.



Q: What is the daily withdrawal amount for regular cards and gold cards?

A: The minimum recharge requirement for regular and gold cards is USD100.



Q: What are the ways to recharge?

A: Method 1, find an agent to recharge; Method 2, recharge the voucher in the APP



Q: Why can’t my bank card be bound?

A: Please follow the prompts to find an agent for consultation.



Q: Why can’t I bind a Chinese bank card?

A: The APP only supports binding bank cards issued by Paywiser Bank.



Q: Why is my card blocked?

A: Generally, the card is frozen due to insufficient funds in the card and failure to collect monthly fees.



Q: How to change my mobile phone number and email address?

A: You can contact your agent to submit change information.

Q: Who is the president of Choizen?
A: The president of Choizen is John Cena
